c:\users\bc_programming\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\Recoder.exe.config
c:\users\bc_programming\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\Recoder.exe
c:\users\bc_programming\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\Recoder.pdb
c:\users\bc_programming\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\Bass.Net.dll
c:\users\bc_programming\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\Bass.Net.xml
c:\users\bc_programming\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\obj\Debug\Recoder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bc_programming\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\obj\Debug\Recoder.exe
c:\users\bc_programming\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\obj\Debug\Recoder.pdb
c:\users\bc_programming\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\bass.dll
c:\users\bc_programming\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\bassflac.dll
c:\users\bc_programming\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\bassenc.dll
c:\users\bc_programming\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\lame.exe
c:\users\bc_programming\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\lame_enc.dll
C:\Users\BC_Programming\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\obj\Debug\Recoder.frmRecoder.resources
C:\Users\BC_Programming\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\obj\Debug\Recoder.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\BC_Programming\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\AudioObjects.dll
C:\Users\BC_Programming\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\BASS.NET.Objects.dll
C:\Users\BC_Programming\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
C:\Users\BC_Programming\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
C:\Users\BC_Programming\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\AudioObjects.xml
C:\Users\BC_Programming\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\BASS.NET.Objects.xml
C:\Users\BC_Programming\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Recoder\Recoder\bin\Debug\basswma.dll
